added migration guide for Bolt@2.x (#442)
slackapi/bolt: docs/_advanced/middleware_listener.md

As an example, let’s say your listener should only deal with messages from humans. You can write a listener middleware that excludes any bot messages.

> *Note: Since `Bolt@2.x`, listener middleware was updated to support `async` functions! View the [migration guide for V2](https://slack.dev/bolt/tutorial/migration-v2) to learn more.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Since v2, listener middleware was updated to support `async` functions! View the [migration guide for V2](https://slack.dev/bolt/tutorial/migration-v2) to learn about the changes.*
```
